projects/adrv9009zu11eg: Updated README files (#1731)
analogdevicesinc/hdl: projects/adrv9009zu11eg/adrv2crr_fmcomms8/README.md

# ADRV9009ZU11EG/ADRV2CRR-FMC HDL Project

> This carrier is designed for attaching an extra evaluation board ([FMCOMMS8](https://www.analog.com/eval-ad-fmcomms8-ebz)/[FMCXMWBR1](https://www.analog.com/ad-fmcxmwbr1-ebz)) to the FMC of the same carrier ([ADRV2CRR-FMC](https://www.analog.com/adrv2crr-fmc)).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Aside from the [ADRV9009ZU11EG](https://www.analog.com/adrv9009-zu11eg) SoM attached to the mother board [ADRV2CRR-FMC](https://www.analog.com/adrv2crr-fmc), an extra evaluation board [FMCOMMS8](https://www.analog.com/eval-ad-fmcomms8-ebz) should be attached on the FMC HPC connecter.
```
